Data have been adjusted and the project is used for practice only 
Business Context: Beloved & Beyond (B&B) is a personalized gift platform based in Asia, an e-commerce platform specializing in flowers and gifts , connecting customers with local stores. B&B offers a variety of products for different occasions such as Vietnamese Women's Day, Halloween, Birthdays, Weddings, Anniversaries, etc. They also offer a new AI-powered search experience, called BB Assistant, which helps analyze customer requests and find the most suitable products. This helps customers order gifts easily, quickly, anytime, anywhere.
B&B also offers a variety of gifts, including flowers, cakes, chocolates, jewelry, cosmetics, electronics, and more. Customers can choose from pre-made gift sets or customize their own gifts by adding requests such as handwritten notes, photo frames and gift wrapping. By fulfilling these gifting needs, B&B is an online gifting platform that makes it easy for people to find and send unique and meaningful gifts to their loved ones.
You will receive sample data from Beloved & Beyond for the company's four years in business. As a Business Data Analyst, your task is to analyze data from B&B to evaluate the company's operations, business results and analyze gift demand on the e-commerce platform. our death.
1. Based on the data set, analyze customers' need to increase gifts according to occasions of the year and each of their relationships.
2. Analyze the rate of returning customers and the return needs of each customer who has used the service.
3. Draw a portrait of B&B's main customer group based on the orders they have purchased.
4. From the above results, please suggest potential customer groups that the company should approach to serve to bring high business efficiency, from there, propose business solutions to increase gift demand. gifts from this group of customers on B&B's e-commerce platform.
